I thought that this world would not survive for a few more days.
I see. When the eight volume is not low, it can produce seven-color full soup.
Don't talk so early. If only it was a really good piece of material.
Otherwise it will solve itself. That's it.
If the bad things are left, they will be completely eliminated. Li Daoman really didn't lie to you.
I, the people, will be cut down from here,
If the shaking is eliminated, you can see two knives.
If this knife is cut down, a soup full of seven colors will be made.
From that moment on, it was completely overturned. It seems that Li Daoman has nothing to do this time.
Die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die
Die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die